[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to episode 5 of my
laptop setup a series where I feature
the gear that you guys submit as well as
showcase whatever it is that you do with
your laptop so this episode is featuring
gamers now I do a lot of gaming laptop
coverage on this channel so it's no
surprise that there's going to be some
gamer episodes this is the first of
hopefully many first we have a
submission from Chris his setup includes
an alien r17 and some corsair gear so
the corsair mouse mate mm 200 mouse pad
and a corsair saber gaming mouse that
has full RGB lighting and it's around
$50 so it's actually a pretty solid
mouse for the price the headphone he
uses are the Sennheiser urbanite XL and
the phone he uses is a Xiaomi me v or
mi5 not sure how to pronounce it but I
thought that was a Samsung s6 at first
because that curved back so he goes to
school for computer engineering and it
looks like he's a Linux user and he
works with C in Visual Studio and of
course he's a gamer so the clip he
submitted is from Tom Clancy's the
division so this was a game that was
really hyped at launch I almost did an
oMG setup for it it's an online
open-world third-person shooter and it's
a lot of fun especially their friends to
play with nowadays the servers are a
little less busy so it's not quite the
same feeling as the original game but
yeah it's a pretty solid game and it
looks like Chris is pretty good at it
the next set up is from Edward he's also
a student his pack is the ever lane
modern snap backpack his laptop is the
gold XPS 13 and if you've seen my review
of it it's the most powerful XPS 13 with
the HD 540 graphics card instead of a
mouse he uses a ps4 controller for most
of his gaming the headphones he uses are
the v-moda m100 s for his phone he's
rocking a 1+1 so this is the og 1 plus
and he also uses this pencil the pen
Telegraph Gear 1000 now I normally
wouldn't showcase the pencil in this
series but it's actually the same pencil
that I use and it's actually my favorite
mechanical pencil I picked it up in
Japan it's an awesome pencil like 10 out
of 10 would recommend if you're looking
for a mechanical pencil this has
absolutely nothing to do with tech but
this is a really good one he's submitted
a clip from Bioshock and that's a
first-person shooter with what I
consider to be the best story I've ever
seen in a first-person shooter game and
there's also some kind of RPG I'm
actually not sure what game this is but
it's neat that he plays these games with
a controller and not a mouse
the last set up is from Sean so he's
using a camo version of the ARS x5 s
I've never done a full review of that
laptop but I think it's one of the most
technically impressive laptops on the
market there's room for 64 gigs of ram
there are four separate drive bays it
can fit a gtx 980m
and it's relatively thin and light it's
a beast the v6 is coming out soon with
the gtx 1070 and i'll likely do a review
of that one he's got a pack from solo
and he uses a Swiss skier sleeve to
protect the laptop he also has a
Logitech G 240 mouse pad and a G 900
wireless mouse so this mouse is arguably
the best performing wireless gaming
mouse on the market right now for audio
he uses a pair of Mophie headphones from
blue those are more of an audiophile set
of headphones he also uses a pair of
wireless JBL earbuds and when he wants
to amp it up he uses the TV ka 33 which
is a wireless Bluetooth speaker that's
weatherproof so Sean submitted a clip of
himself playing planetside 2 that's a
free to play MMO shooter lots of fun I
used to play that thing obsessively but
the frame rates of this recording are a
bit choppy for his laptop I'm not sure
why possibly because it was filmed with
fraps that thing is kind of resource
hungry just a piece of advice for anyone
else who wants to submit gameplay
footage use shadowplay if you can't it's
only for NVIDIA cards but it's free it's
very light on resources and the image
quality is really good I definitely
prefer shadow play over fraps right now
but that's the end of this episode hope
you guys enjoyed it if you want to
submit your own content check the video
description below there's full
instructions there if you're a gamer and
you feel like you kind of missed the
boat for this episode don't worry
there's a lot of gamers out there
there's going to be future gaming
episodes I will do my best to include
all of you that I can thumbs if you like
this video subs if you loved it it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time
[Music]